Documentation: Fix links in key overrides (#14228)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_key_overrides.md

```

### Flexible macOS-friendly Grave Escape

> The [Grave Escape feature](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_grave_esc) is limited in its configurability and has [bugs when used on macOS](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_grave_esc?id=caveats). Key overrides can be used to achieve a similar functionality as Grave Escape, but with more customization and without bugs on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Grave Escape feature](feature_grave_esc.md) is limited in its configurability and has [bugs when used on macOS](feature_grave_esc.md#caveats). Key overrides can be used to achieve a similar functionality as Grave Escape, but with more customization and without bugs on macOS.
```

Author: Thanks
